iTrust app augments the user view of the neighboring devices and keeps history of encountered (nearby) devices, frequency of encounter, location along with other statistics. It also provides recommendations about potential trustworthy devices among those encountered based on a combined filter that our research group has introduced. A user may decide to meet a device's owner face-to-face to establish a trusted relationship for future communications. An accompanying registration service enables users to map device identifications (using mac addresses) to actual user names.

iTrust application (currently available on Android) measures encounters (keep track of nearby Bluetooth devices) and recommend users to trust. It draws its inspiration from the social science principle of Homophily. It provides you a way to measure Homophiliy. It also has a goal to promote proximity based communication and service by providing context based on Trust and Encounters. iTrust can easily be extended to allow face-to-face meet up between encountering people and exchange out-of-band Encryption key secrets. This face to face meetup can insure us about the identity of encountering user and the secret can then be used to communicate securely over any communication channel.

iTrust provides following list of features :

1. Bluetooth and Wifi encounter scanning
2. Encounter score generatation
3. Encounter visualization on map (after location updates are done from the menu)
4. Encounter statistics including graphs and numbers
5. Energy efficient scanner
6. Automatic uploading of encounter traces to remote server (use settings to change this behavior)
7. User registration (optional for iTrust) 
8. Provide Mac address to Name lookup for registered users.
9. Sorting users based on different parameters including filter scores and current encountering devices   


This application is also know as ConnectEnc in some of our papers. 

If you use this program or any part of the source code in your research please cite the following paper :

`Udayan Kumar and Ahmed Helmy, "Discovering Trustworthy Social Spaces", PhoneSense workshop at Sensys 2012.`


Author can be contacted by email at udayan.kumar@gmail.com